Name: Andrew Lin
Class: EE 104
Demonstration Link: https://youtu.be/i9IcMZ0nnaQ 
https://youtu.be/8hWDRw2g-gs 
Reference: https://sjsu.instructure.com/courses/1559910/modules
Project 1: Risk Factor Identification
To begin, we must first download the dataset from the following website: Credit Risk Analytics - Datasets. Then we have to write a Python program to analyze the dataset and identify risk factors. Once we have created the python program to add a new column to the dataset, indicating the risk group (low risk, medium risk, or high risk) for each applicant based on the analysis, we can begin to generate a report summarizing the risk factors and recommend actions for the loan processing department: Approval for applicants in the low-risk group.Conditional approval and recommendation for more credit checking for medium-risk applicants.Reject high-risk applicants.
Project 2: Trend Prediction
To begin, we must first find a dataset in CSV format or any format that can be converted to CSV containing COVID-19 data. The following page contains datasets for Santa Clara County: Santa Clara County COVID-19 Datasets. Once we have found our dataset from Santa Clara County, we must download a dataset for a six-month period, for example, from January to June. We will then plot a prediction curve using the time_series method starting from January and extending to December. When we are plotting this, we will only have data from January to June. In the next part, we want to try to verify if the trend prediction is correct. We will again download the same data, but for the entire year from January to December. Once we have the data, we will plot a second curve to compare the reality with your previous prediction. Once we have this, we can look and determine the accuracy of this prediction. 


To verify my prediction, we saw that our trend line was a linear line following the trend that the code was able to plot for us through the data from months January through June. When looking at the full year dating from January to December, we are able to see that the line had exponentially increased. Some reasons that this could have happen was due to the fact that Covid-19 was extremely contagious and that the general public had not taken the necessary precautions to prevent the spread of Covid-19. As the months dragged on, we are able to see the increase in cases. We can see that in our green line which accurately represents the amount of cases of Covid-19 were reported in Santa Clara County. 
Project 3: Game Development
The third task is to design a Dance Challenge game for two players and to modify the existing music in the game to provide a different experience or add new music tracks. We can do this by referring to the python games book that is included in the class modules as shown in the reference. 


Project 4: Interview Q&A 
In this last task, we are preparing a set of 30 interview questions which we will have answers to. We will also include sources along with our answers to make sure that they are verified and correct. This will help us prepare for future interviews that require python programming and can help us get those internships and jobs. 


Attached, I have two links to my youtube demonstration because I am unsure whether they have uploaded to youtube. I currently have bad internet connection but on my screen it says that they will begin processing shortly. So I will leave two links there and if they are not viewable, please let me know so I can send a new link. Sorry about that.